template
========

Template repo for WRA 110
When growing up children are asked, “What do you want to be when you grow up?” it’s a common question that offers a wide variety of answers. When I was asked this, my response always changed with age. I wanted to be a nurse, marine biologist, engineer, I was indecisive and impassionate about the careers I was considering. Until 6th grade when I came home from school one day and found a documentary on the History Channel about World War Two. This television show changed the outlook I possessed about choosing a career. I became obsessed with documentaries, every day running home from the bus stop to catch a show about the Holocaust or Titanic and it sparked fascination in me.
	Entering high school this fascination only grew. T.V had convinced me to go into history because it was what I loved to learn about. Television was first invented in the late 1920’s and is defined as a system for transmitting visual images and sound that are reproduced on screens. It’s one of the most popular technological inventions from the 20th century and is often used for broadcasting and entertainment. During high school, television was often used to show videos about historical events. Seeing these events such as the Berlin Wall coming down or the assassination of John F. Kennedy only made me more curious about how I could make a living just learning about the past.
	My teachers and counselors were nothing but encouraging of this and helped me find a career that centers on history. Teaching at a secondary level would allow me to make a living and teach courses revolving around history. In high school my history teachers were amazing. Often giving me interesting movies to watch to encourage my love of history and watching these documentaries only made me more excited about getting my career started. 
	When preparing for college I looked for education programs and history education majors. Television again helped me in deciding my college. I was watching a show about the history of Michigan colleges when Michigan State came on the screen. The narrator said MSU had the best education program in the state. I had always been an MSU fan but had never really considered going to the school. Hearing this made me do some research. I found out there was a history education major and I would belong to the college of social science, which I loved. I loved the idea of being a Spartan but was not fully sold on the school yet.
	The deciding factor that led me to choose MSU occurred the summer before my senior year. Again, some friends and I were watching the movie 300, a historical movie about the mighty Spartan army consisting of 300 men that fought the Persians and lost, but somehow helped save Sparta. This was playing on T.V and during a commercial break the MSU student bookstore came up with a woman showing an education book. Seeing this made me think about Michigan State all the time and made me want to be in the education program. 
	I received my acceptance letter a couple weeks before Christmas and confirmed my enrollment shortly after. I declared the major history education and was thrilled to be apart of  Spartan nation. Watching the State games on T.V only made me more pumped to start my journey to becoming a history teacher. I was in 


love with the campus, Sparty and of course the program that would lead me to my career.  During orientation week, incoming freshman are shown this video about how awesome it is to be a Spartan and the magnificent history of MSU. For some reason television and visual aids have a huge impact on me. Seeing something on television that supports what I’m passionate about just encourages me to keep perusing the career.
	Television has changed my life. Who knows if I had never seen that history documentary I could be majoring in chemistry instead. This technology has dramatically impacted me. Not only because it offers entertainment, but also because it provides a source of learning. To this day I still try to catch all the documentaries I can and keep up on the new historical movies that come out. If I could have a career just watching the history channel I would, but you can’t major in that. Being a history education major at State was the best decision I’ve ever made, I’m so happy with my choice and am so happy that one day in middle school I caught a movie about World War Two. 
